Flexbox in CSS

Que.1: Describe the main differences between the CSS Flexbox layout model and the CSS Grid layout model. When would you choose to use one over the other?
Ans. 
Flexbox is designed for a one-dimensional layout and it keeps the items in a single direction in a row or column.
It is ideal for simple and linear layouts.
Grid layout is designed for two-dimensional layout and is used to simultaneously keep the items in rows and columns.
It is good for website having different sections.
…………………………………………………………………………………………………………..
Que.2: Explain the role of the following key properties in the Flexbox layout mode 2$ justify-content.
justify-content
Align-item
Gap
Flex-direction
flex-wrap

Ans:
Justify-content: It is used to move and align the items in the main axis on the left, right, and center.
flex-start: The items will go to start
flex-end: The items will go to the end
flex-center: The items will go to the center
space-between: items have space between them
space-around: items have space around them
space-evenly: items have equal space between and around them

Align-items: This property is used to move the items up, down, and center perpendicularly.
flex-start: The items will go to the top
flex-end: The items will go to the end
center: The items will go to the center
baseline: The items will be of each other baseline
stretch: The items will be stretched to fill the container

Gap: This property is used to add space between the items.

Flex-direction: This property is used to set the direction of the items
row: The items will go left to right
row-reverse: The items will go right to left
column: The items will be top top bottom
column-reverse: The items will go from bottom to top

flex-wrap: This property wraps the items in one line or into multiple lines.
nowrap:All the items will be in one line
wrap;All the items can be wrap into the next line
wrap-reverse: All the items can be wrap in next line in  reverse order 

…………………………………………………………………………………………………………..
